Disclaim replay protection (#271)
mlswg/mls-architecture: draft-ietf-mls-architecture.md

> the MLS clients from physical compromise. In such settings, HSMs and secure
> enclaves can be used to protect signature keys.

# No Protection against Replay by Insiders

> MLS does not provide protections against replay of group messages by members 
> of the group.  Applications for whom replay is an important risk should apply 
> mitigations at the application layer, as discussed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLS does not protect against one group member replaying a PrivateMessage sent by another
group member within the same epoch that the message was originally sent. Similarly, MLS
does not protect against the replay (by a group member or otherwise) of a PublicMessage
within the same epoch that the message was originally sent. Applications for
whom replay is an important risk should apply mitigations at the application layer, as
discussed below.
```

In addition to the risks discussed in {{symmetric-key-compromise}}, an attacker 
with access to the Ratchet Secrets for an endpoint can replay PrivateMessage 
objects sent by other members of the group by taking the signed content of the 
message and re-encrypting it with a new generation of the original sender's 
ratchet.  If the other members of the group interpret a message with a new 
generation as a fresh message, then this message will appear fresh.  (This is 
possible because the message signature does not cover the `generation` field 

> of the message.)  Messages sent as PublicMessages objects similarly lack replay 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the message.)  Messages sent as PublicMessage objects similarly lack replay 
```
